all right you're back on start-stop and
yes it's been a while I've been in the
channel for quite a while but I've never
had rethink on my show and he is today
thanks again for joining me welcoming
and he is a superhero for all the kids
he's become so beta for us as well
now before I come and chat with you
about who is the more dominant partner
between your dad and you what's what's
easiest to you
action dancing acting scenes emotion
ones or the comedy ones what's the
toughest part of filmmaking for you the
toughest part is is when when you don't
have the thrust of inspiration sometimes
you know you can find yourself lost
because it's not inspiring you know no
thankfully not as I said that's that's
what one discovers in one's journey how
to sort of trust your instincts and know
what is inspiring you and then go ahead
and do that you know instead of just
getting enticed by the wrong reasons you
know the wrong reason could be money it
could be a big banner or it could be you
know stuff like that
so I've learned to discover you know my
my instincts and trust them but there
are times when when you get you feel a
bit lost and then it's time to fall back
upon your skill that you have developed
over time you know the craft comes in
art goes out the hook the craft comes in
which which is of great help it's like a
crush it's your safety net but those are
you know when when you start using a
skill instead of just from the heart I
think those are the moments where things
get difficult as in it's also fun
because you know it's it's a
hand-in-hand element of this profession
that you need to have your heart in
things and and and played by you know
play it real and and with your soul and
all that but it is also important to
develop the craft and the stay at the
same time so so it's a it's a balance of
the two but
when it's happening by heart you're
flying you know it's it's just
inspiration is hitting you and you know
you're you're there you're ready for it
and it comes to you sometimes it does
not come to you and that is when you I
think your craft is well mastered so I
didn't know where that bit is there no
yeah I'm serious
sometimes we stop and I was very sad
because I remember I was watching boom -
I'd miss the opening down shot with all
the mud and all the fabulous chicks
around him it was it was sad at that one
hour time but later on when you do watch
it you realize how much work has been
put in there and just like his
relationship with his dad as well now
the two of you put a lot of work
together yeah you disagree at times you
agree a time but who's the more dominant
partner well him being the director I
would say really I would say he ought to
be the more dominant one and I think he
is but is he actually I don't think he
is but I don't think any one of us
dominates the other you know it is it is
that it's the truth that wins you know
if I'm not convinced about a certain
aspect of a scene or whatever and he has
a thought and I have a different thought
it's the two thoughts that argue
themselves out and what is left is the
truth you know and that is what we go
with them you know because sometimes
arguments reveal a lot of the hidden
facts you know which which is not
obvious to the naked eye and the you
know mind so it's it's a it's a very
healthy exercise that that we actually
have developed I think over time
initially it was very you know used to
perplex me it used to I used to feel
very uneasy very uncomfortable because
I'm a very stubborn person my dad knows
that and so is my dad so the first time
in my first film when I sort of had to
revolt or rebel against a thought
because I didn't agree with it it was
quite a scene on the sets because
everybody just stood and just watch
these two fight it out fighting it out
you know almost yeah and then what about
the dinner table in the
does it carry on there after that short
scan yeah it's you know history over its
you know you won't even you won't even
you'll be shocked as to where did that
in that ambience go because it just it
changes in a flash which is great
because it shows that we are working
without an ego you know if my thought
wings it's the thought that means it's
not my thought that's one it's the
thought you know so the egos are very
very well tucked away and not not not
affected not operating at all which is I
think how the equation should be
whenever you're working with anybody in
any team you know but this team is very
successful make a lot of money and
making some great films and yep there is
another film coming up which is actually
part of this team but I do want to know
what my viewers also want to know and
which we're gonna ask you take also
whether this particular item number
thing we're no longer the girls who are
in the important aspects now it's all
about the men now so is he gonna be
doing something in crazy form we're
gonna find out we'll be right back and
yes we are talking about your dodgeball
suits don't go anywhere